tip: add TIP-1015 Compound Transfer Policies (#2316)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-XXXX.md

### Transfer Authorization (isTransferAuthorized)

```solidity
function isTransferAuthorized(address from, address to) internal view returns (bool) {
    uint64 policyId = transferPolicyId;
    
    bool fromAuthorized = TIP403_REGISTRY.isAuthorizedSender(policyId, from);
    bool toAuthorized = TIP403_REGISTRY.isAuthorizedRecipient(policyId, to);
    
    return fromAuthorized && toAuthorized;
}
```

### Mint Operations

Mint operations check only the recipient:

```solidity
function _mint(address to, uint256 amount) internal {
    if (!TIP403_REGISTRY.isAuthorizedRecipient(transferPolicyId, to)) {
        revert PolicyForbids();
    }
    // ... mint logic
}
```

### Burn Blocked Operations

The `burnBlocked` function checks sender authorization to verify the address is blocked:

```solidity
function burnBlocked(address from, uint256 amount) external {
    require(hasRole(BURN_BLOCKED_ROLE, msg.sender));
    
    // Only allow burning from addresses blocked from sending
    if (TIP403_REGISTRY.isAuthorizedSender(transferPolicyId, from)) {
        revert PolicyForbids();
    }
    // ... burn logic
}
```

## Stablecoin DEX Integration

### Cancel Stale Order

> The `cancelStaleOrder` function checks sender authorization since the maker escrowed (sent) the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cancelStaleOrder` function checks sender authorization on the token escrowed by the maker, since if the order is filled, the maker will have to send that token:
```
